['sauce initial setup', 'how could you test it without ramda sauce credentials?', 'i just read the travis logs', 'travis is not configured to run sauce yet... the build failure is some git weirdness.nonetheless a branch may be a good idea', "to your other points:- `keys`: wow. that is a creative solution to a crazy problem. since we're dispatching to native `object.keys` where possible anyway. i see no reason not to crib that here.- `slice.from` do you still have a fix for this? pr welcome--prolly against `sauce` branch to start?- `strindexof` etc.: yes. let's get back to getting nucleotides in (ext?). and pulling `invoker` from the core lib.", 'before i merge `sauce` branch. can someone please review the code for me. thanks', "re: keys: i might even prefer to only return a function with that check in there when you're in that ie < 9 scenario. but i don't think the way it is will cost us much.as to `invoker`. i don't know why those two failed and the others were fine. ie works in mysterious ways.i'll merge the `sauce` branch real soon now. marking this old defect closed.", 'looks like sauce is causing travis to report an error (even though its on a post-success hook). let me remove the sauce config and rerun the build. then i will pull this. assuming everything is ok', "it's travis not getting credentials for sauce on prs. i will fix that tonightmeantime. take latest .travis.yml with sauce task commented out", 'setup travis. - add .travis.yml- modifies nightwatch.json to add saucelabs env (simplest one w/ firefox)', 'this should cover #30', '> browser tests are not included in `npm test` as they run for too long. although they are runned automatically on travis upon commit.> > [...]> > atm these tests fail on travis as travis doesnt set encrypted $envs from pull requests for security reasons. those variables are required by saucelabs to run tests.so this will currently break the travis build?', '> so this will currently break the travis build?nope. as soon as this code is part of the `janl/mustache.js` repo. the encrypted $envs will be set correctly and tests runned on saucelabs. i just realized i should have created this feature branch in `janl/mustache.js` so that these encrypted $envs would have been set all along .. lesson learned.', "fwiw. mocha is working. and it is working in saucelabs.  i don't see any reason for changing now for the sake of it.on the other hand. shifting to test262 is a good idea.  but it seems like we already have a test262-to-mocha bridge via smikes work.", "thanks. i logged in to my subaccount. but it doesn't appear to give me access to the previous test runs - it looks like it's just my own sandbox. using the parent account's minutes. we can play with that over time; ideally just like in travis. we can all view the same set of sauce results.overall this looks good - it's unfortunate how much config is required; testling is much simpler - but we definitely need automated browser testing. and this seems to be working well :-) thanks!", 'mattcollier could you look into adding saucelabs support (or whatever) now that #456 has been merged?', 'nope i do not think so. you will run the coverage still on travis and just push the data on coveralls.', 'as a data point. coverage testing on a 4ghz i7-4790k takes 20m35s and has some test timeouts.', 'hopefully we can get the sauce_connect issues i\'ve been seeing ironed out in the hls repo and then we can run the unit tests against sauce labs in real browsers which will be a good step towards this since right now the unit tests just run in phantom with a "fake media tech".', 'is there a way the sauce labs tests could be run from local?', 'if you export the username and access key as env vars `sauce_username`. and `sauce_access_key` and run `sauce_connect_setup` script. you could connect to saucelabs from local.if you want. i could try and see how to make this easier. like adding a `test:localsauce` task.', 'couple of changes to get sauce labs working', "add browser testing via saucelabs. this enables saucelabs testing so that travis doesn't have to do browser testing.it allows us to run on ubuntu precise still. and enables a wider range of browser testing.", 'tested some more on sauce and there are other tests failing on ie8 as well...', 'add saucelabs integration. closes #544', 'investigate cross-platform testing. looking into ci.testling.com and saucelabs.com.', 'fix sauce connect for travis builds', "set up saucelabs. this sets up saucelabs with our testing matrix. ie9. which works in a vm. is currently excluded until i investigate why it doesn't work in theirs.", 'add microsoft edge to saucelabs testing', "thanks i am traveling now. but will fix the nits in a day or two when i get home (save a comment or two now).re: winningrev - my logic was that. since the existing code was already doing a join based on the seq stored in the doc_store table. this change didn't really alter that mechanic. it just modified the semantics of the table a bit (winningseq -> the old seq column. seq -> the most recent seq that updated any revision of the document).  i believe this is consistent as websql[sqlite] operates by default in the 'serializable' transaction model. but interested to hear your thoughts.", 'yup the winningrev logic is good. i am just generally wary of storing values that are generatable. but in this case it makes sense.merging now. thanks a lot for this. great pr', 'axemclion yo. i noticed you mentioned doing some tests work on twitter :)what do i need to do to get the tests to run in parallel in saucelabs? the documentation seems to suggests its automatic and i have attempted adding the concurrency option during setup', 'ok. with the fixes to get the node tests up and running. it looks like the improvements to the saucelabs-qunit drivers are quite large improvements. we have a ton of browser failures because we arent sending an origin header. not entirely sure how thats possible but i asked the corsproxy maintainer to update that as he has a patch to ignore the origin thingit would be really nice if we didnt need to do any of the above work. but then again its all the http tests that are failing and those are the ones that have been problematic', 'looks like everything did not pass. if you notice towards the end. looks like windows/opera failed. i think it would be a good idea if we can also append a link to the saucelabs test run video here. to see what exactly happened. if not in travis. atleast in the published results.', 'daleharvey can you add me as a user to the saucelabs account ? i can take a look at the test cases and the browser runs. looks like something there was missing. can you add me and send me an email ?', 'looks like my saucelabs is not able to read opera status and save it. i will look at this.', 'how to specify desired browser/os for saucelabs run?', 'gjohnson zuul is ready to go once you add the saucelabs credentials to the travis config.', "does this use the video.js sauce labs account or a new one? we're not exposing any sensitive info right?", 'not anymore. however. i think the access-token for the videojs saucelabs was commited at one point unencrypted. so. we might want to generate a new access-token and put the newly encrypted value in here instead.', ':+1: awesome sauce.', "add support for sauce labs. add support for sauce labs as the prefer method to do nightwatch ui/functional testing in the travis ci environment.  this initial attempt may or may not work as there's quite a bit of setup that had to happen to make this work.", "morenoh149 i know that's a goal.  however. when you are dealing with a remote environment that behaves different than the local it takes some trial and error to get things right.", "thanks swayf. for some reason. travis is missing the sauce connect and that's why it's failing.", "saucelabs jobs issues . most jobs are not marked as passed. one job is unnamed.for basic test. we notify the saucelabs server 3 times. but 2 messages seems to have no effect. could someone check the saucelabs server log. we must be doing something wrong.for browser-init it is also implemented. but messages disapear.i'll track down the unnamed job later. it's probably in the browser-init test file.i've disabled all tests but saucelabs on travis so that we track this down more easily.", 'i got to the bottom of this. i got this error for firefox and explorer:`unauthorized; invalid csrf token`i suppose csrf check should be disabled in this case.', 'this seems to fix it. still getting occasional `failed uploading some assets` messages.', 'closing this one and opening new issue for `failed uploading some assets`', 'occasional `failed uploading some assets` message in saucelabs interface.. i suspect some http properties need to be set to avoid that. this happens for job for which there is actually no asset to upload.', 'the only reason that would happen is if there were problems with s3 uploading the video of the session. we could probably even speed up the test run by disabling the vnc video recording in desired capabilities:"record-video": false', "parameter was added. i've tried to replicate the issue and it seem to happen when i run the test suite then try to watch the test live. could be that my location is too far from the s3 server.now waiting for travis test to pass to close the issue.", "thanks sebv! bernii is going to look into why the passed/fail rest calls aren't working.", "integrate local tests with sauce connect.. firefoxdriver and chromedriver are instable in the travis environment so it'll be better to run the local tests this way.", "also. what's the relationship between this issue and #1732?", "it may not be as simple as this. for some reason it hangs when trying to close sauce-connect. i'm clearly missing something ;)", 'using sauce labs works around this', "testing/sauce labs integration. this is a continuation of #1301alexstrat any comments? i already used this setup to test the latest release. so in terms of usability -- it works (haven't tested the travis build hooks though).a few tests fail right now (ie8 and safari). these are being worked on. so ignore them :)", "todo:- [ ] fix the broken tests. or somehow make the build succeed with broken tests (don't think it is a good idea)- [ ] the sauce launcher is broken. it thinks it prints to a terminal. and if the terminal is too narrow (or there is no terminal) it prints status of each browser a few times per second. which floods the logs like crazy -- travis is complaining", 'looks good!concerning the terminal issue. you should probably change the reporter to something more travis friendly like the `dot` reporter.', 'this is so awesome. is this ready to merge?', "ok. i'm happy with this. good work!", 'we have a bug with weekyear/week/weekday setters. lets fight it in another issue/pr.', "fix prs failing in travis. prs now pass travis build. because they don't execute sauce tests", "yoranbrondsema thank you! can we travis-encrypt the sauce account/username for ci? i'll review this locally soon. hopefully tonight.", "> can we travis-encrypt the sauce account/username for ciif that's viable. i will encrypt and add the official mobiledoc-kit sauce labs credentials into the .travis.yml", 'soucelab. gets sauce lab integration working. all working except firefox. which passes manually though.', 'firefox in saucelabs. firefox fails in sauce lab tests but not when done manually. looks to be some sort of global leak.', "add saucelab unit testing support. - added encrypted details to travis config- created json file with list of browsers to test in- added relevant gruntfile updates- i only run the basic tests no caniuse matching as it was difficult to get any browser passing for some reason.## known issues- ie6 and firefox won't run correctly i have open issues on saucelabs forums for these- ie7. 8 & 9 have one test failing", 'travis says: `invalid api_key provided`...', "not sure if this is because it's trying to pull from my fork but this definitely works when running on my local using the same encrypted api key. sauce labs makes you specify the repo to which the account is connected too.", 'ryanseddon can you retarget the pull request to modernizr:saucelab rather than modernizr:master? that way we can merge it in and not worry about issues.', "haha what a noob i'll branch now.", 'how do i do that without having a branch?', 'see #1125', 'could you either update the saucelabs keys to work for the modernizr repo. or target a non master branch on the modernizr repo so we can merge it without worrying about breaking the tests', 'any plans to add up a browserstack setup too (presumably via your very own bunyip)? they have old android...', "aha so this doesn't work because environment variables are disabled on prs. so we can just merge it and see? it won't break anything other than failing the build which i can fix pretty quickly.> we remove encrypted environment variables for pull requests for security reasons.> &mdash; henrikhodne on irconce this is in then all prs will run through saucelabs test suite as the env vars are now in master in our `.travis.yml` file", 'ah. that makes sense. otherwise i could just `post` the keys somewhere in a pull request.', 'ryanseddon it works! but it failing the actual tests on those browsers. are you going to be able to fix those tonight and/or remove those test environments until we can?', "fix sauce lab issues. this fixes the broken test in most browsers and i removed ie6 and firefox until i can get some advice as to why they aren't working on saucelabs.", 'i will take a look tonight and get a fix in.', 'fuzzyma i should also clean up the test code a bit. since ms edge will never work on appveyor.we could also migrate all our tests to [saucelabs.com]( and run our tests on 800 browsers. but i imagine the rounding differences will grow enormously.', "johanneswuerbach this is amazing. you make it look so easy.we absolutely would want to test prs. rwjblue do we have an official sauce lab account?johanneswuerbach maybe this should be using travis's encrypt-file or env variable options to avoid committing the sauce access tokens into the repo.browser support should be ie8. 9. 10. 11 and the last two of chrome. ff. safari. is that insane run-time wise? we test the old ies before an ember release anyway.", "travis: don't run grunt-saucelabs for pull requests", 'fixing condition for when to run the suite with sauce and when not', 'add saucelabs', 'this will wave to wait. currently there is no way to send the pass/fail status to saucelabs from mochify', 'gianlucaguarini tried to find how to add a webhook from sauce labs profile but i found it impossible. their ui is totally unclear at least for me.', 'we need to register the riotjs on saucelabs project using a mail  (use the free plan). once you have done you can send me the access via mail gianluca.guarinigmail.com thank you', 'i cannot get riotjs listed on saucelabs admin panel. i can only login as "moot" or "tipiirai". but not as "muut" since that is an organization. not sure what to do.', "like you said i'd be in favor to entirely automate tests. meaning exposing sauce labs in `.travis.yml`. could you take care of that ?"]