["travis we should not even ask ourselves the question !!:+1: to experiment with saucelabs. it's something piuccio wanted to do a long time ago on ariatemplates itself.i need to dig. because we probably have an at account for that.", 'yep! almost there. just need to switch the tests from tape to blue-tape. any objection to writing the saucelabs integration yourself? i assume you have an account already. so it would probably make more sense for you to set it up with your account.', 'yeh looks like phantom does have websql supportwe definitely need to start looking towards getting the tests running locally (for that reason i wouldnt worry too much about getting the private saucelabs credentials set up)the last test run took 29 minutes. this one has failed due to a connection error. running the tests locally takes less than a minute but with saucelabs its closer to 6 minutes just due to the connection latency.phantom is cool but i dont think its particularly suitable for what we are testing against (end users browsers)', 'do you know what it was/why? i just downloaded opera and ran the tests and everything passed. i say we merge regardless of travis/sauce failing...', 'given that we do not do too much work on the server and just need a static web server to serve the pages. how about the following.- all test pages are hosted on github pages - no more tunneling required. anyone can hit these pages to see the test suites. and so can the saucelabs browser- break down the test html into multiple pages (one for basic. one for replication. etc. each hitting a different database) . instead of one single big page. we can technically open tabs in saucelabs and test those multiple pages. - use phantom - that suports websql only for now.- use travis for node tests. - grunt-saucelabs now has support for running tests in parallel. we should start leveraging that.', 'yeh a few of those we can do straight away. gh-pages hosting could help a lot and the test files can already be split up. do we need to do anything to get parallel tests in grunt-saucelabs?', 'axemclion could you update the saucelabs module to (could be an optional thing) not echo the url thats being run. i need to pass a username and password to saucelabs so the browser can be an admin', "out of order changes. these commits introduce tests and fixes for the issue i mentioned last night (#334) getting the wrong data during changes and query operations.  i've implemented the new changes across the idb and websql adapters. http is unaffected. and i'm not sure about leveldb - the tests seem to pass but i haven't looked into it yet.as with the previous pr. i can't get the saucelabs tester to work. but i've tested on safari. chrome. ff. and ios 6 mobile safari.", 'make browser tests run via zuul. actually make the browser tests run and pass in chrome and firefox latest.things to do for repo admin after this is merged:- create saucelabs credentials- set secret env vars in travis.yml file (i can explain if needed)- add zuul to `make test`', 'docs(readme): fix sauce link', 'thanks johanneswuerbach !', 'i read about sauce labs and their mobile testing with appium. so in order to do ci i need to pay??please reply soon...', "i've seen this link dan... my only concern is that do i have to pay for the sauce labs account?? or without that also i can integrate with jenkins??", "you don't need to use sauce to use jenkins. you'll just need to set up your own appium grid if you don't use sauce. as penguinho pointed out.", "why don't we take this to helpsaucelabs. since it's a sauce-specific issue. mind writing in there?"]