['i understand and agree with most of your points. i saw the `test/browser/sauce.html` and figured that was something relevant.`testling-ci` is still pretty young as well and has a long way to go. it lacks per-branch testing and per-browser test cases (although that is an edge case itself).as far as the current badge goes. did you want me to pull out the failing browsers or leave them in there as an indicator? i know thanpolas and i had mixed opinions on it.', 'some more work on the ci tests. updating the qunit. this helps to watch the results in saucelabs as the current tests info stays on the top of the page.  starting to store test results in the db to be aggregated', 'dont merge this yet. i have a few changes to make on my fork to get it perfect. just wanted to show what is coming...', 'btw. this is messing up the ci tests...i have a support request in with saucelabs to see if they can help. i am guessing there are switches you can start the browser with to disable those security prompts.', 'few notes. now that i understand this i will help towards getting it done. just writing down some notes for stuff that should get done. i will do them later or you can. see who gets there first :pnode_modules should be committed to the repo. cors-proxy should be as well. we should split out the actual test files from the utility stuff that tuns the tests', 'dale. i think we need to get a subset of the tests to run on suacelabs. lets start small and work up. i would rather have a small set of tests that work as opposed to the massive set currently that is really flaky. can i get you to do some basic smoketests that check if large grain things work?', "make sure travis only triggers a single build at a time. to make sure we provision the saucelabs vm's properly we want to make sure that only a single test run is executing at any timethis means that multiple commits or pull requests defer their tests until the previous run has completed.sounds tricky", 'minor refactor of saucelabs linting errors', 'more sauce-related fixes. now correctly setting pass/fail status of sauce jobs. and turned up the timeout on testing for angular to deal with some ie issues', 'merged as 23e7d9562a0572223f84da47e2b361ca1b277e0c', "i just experienced a run from my local machine with two sauce connected browsers (chrome-linux. firefox-linux) where one 'finished' and the other hung. i killed the process manually after about a minute (trying to preserve my sauce credits). i ran the test two more times after this and both times exited successfully on its own.", "can someone from sauce grab the account and i'll set up the build", "eduardocerqueira that is expected behaviour when using the safari launcher. instruments is not connected to safari and usually dies during the test. the only connecting we have is the remote debugger (for webviews) which doesn't have the ability to close the browser/tab (not that i know of). so i don't expect calls to close an alert to work either.the default url is set in the safari launcher app. we have to navigate to a url to launch safari. we can change to something that takes less to load (e.g. google). or maybe a locally hosted page like the saucelabs guinea pig page?", 'done']