["i have no objection. so long as it meets buzzdecafe's expectations for sauce.", 'lint sauce files. i see no reason to treat these files as second-class citizens. :)', 'lvgtm', "travis is happy. so i'll merge these changes now.", 'failing sauce tests. ie8. ie7 are timing out. android and ios tests are failing intermittently. not it!', 'i think this is the commit that has broken the sauce tests', "can't publish until sauce labs tests are passing again", '`this.r` is undef in ie < 9 in the require shim. i had worked around this with the `ramda` alias.', 'have you had a chance to ping sauce on this?', "yeah. `grunt saucelabs` works for me. i'm not sure i'm understanding the `grunt saucelabs:connect` relationship. i ran it an it just seemed to hang. not running any tests. but just running saucelabs alone worked for me.", 'ah. `grunt saucelabs` worked? cool.i added `grunt saucelabs:connect` to equivalent to what is happening on travis ci with the "sauce connect" plugin thing. but it\'s very possible we don\'t actually need it for running locally.', "i hadn't.", "gkatsev i don't know that we could just swap in the actual techs. i tried that in the past and flash became super glitchy. loading it and unloading it quickly. and it really had problems when it was in the hidden qunit fixture div. so we might have to use a test framework that's meant for integration tests and can use one swf load for a bunch of tests. it would be nice if it were that easy though so probably worth verifying since it was a few years ago when i tried it.floehopper there's no projects specifically for integration/acceptance tests yet. there's a few pull requests for sauce labs. but that's still around unit tests.", 'same question here. pull in now or wait?', 'probably pull in now. probably a while before i get to the new stuff.', 'ok. will do.', "i'm sure sauce labs will fail initially with too many concurrent tests...", "we should do (2). we don't need to run testee in travis b/c saucelabs already runs it in every browser (including firefox. which is what testee previously did).yes. json was added to the main test file. that's how the others should do it as well.", 'refactor tests. refactor tests and enable them all on `test.js` so that saucelab will run all test in different browsersthis pr also contains the changes of the cache-bust extension. because i didnt run the `build` grunt task on that prlets see if all going right.  all tests passwill close #1027', 'phillipskevin how do we get the saucelabs image updated?', "looks like this was reverted. which is why ie 11 isn't showing up in the sauce labs badge.", '(#609) - upgrade saucelabs firefox', 'switch npm test to just test in node. people using grunt test / npm test shouldnt be hooking up to saucelabs. just make a new```grunt saucelabs```target that hits saucelabs. and have |grunt test| run node tests', 'nope. just the browser output (firefox) from saucelabs', 'if i understand correctly. currently there is no way to pass multicapabilities via cli ?', "i tried this with the following configuration:multicapabilities: [{    'browsername': 'chrome'.    count: 3  }]i was expecting my test files to be split in 3 and executed in parallel to finish in a third of the time (i have 3 test files). instead all my tests are being executed in each of the 3 chrome browsers. is there a possibility to have protractor run how i first expected it. meaning splitting my tests across the three instances to speed up my testing suite?", 'how would the split work frigoeu ? should protractor try splitting per file name? or per describe?given i have designed my spec files to be run independently. i have a bash (shell) script that run each spec file in parallel. having this in protractor would be awesome!!!:+1:', 'either would be fine for me. i expect splitting per file to be easier to implement. but i have no idea how jasmine or protractor actually work on the inside. it would be a really nice feature since e2e tests (at least in the projects i worked in) tend to run relatively long.', "i started issue #569 on test sharding - that way it'll be easier to find the discussion. please continue there!", 'saucelabs google chrome. i noticed that bootstrap is missing the google chrome browser from the test cases and wanted to let you know that if you change `chrome` to `googlechrome` in `sauce_browsers.yml` it should start working and show up in the widget in `readme.md`.', 'switching to `googlechrome` indeed makes chrome show up in the badges again.', 'the failing test is a saucelabs problem (too many users). so this is mergeable!', 'mccalluc: is this pr still current?', "i won't be merging it. but i should translate the tests from js to ts. i think the tests that just check the list of properties also served a role. but i'm less clear about them going forward.", 'expand ie matrix. saucelabs should test ie9. ie10. ie11', 'opera tests. for some reason the opera tests are failing in strange ways. i think this might be an issue with opera and saucelabs and or mocha so will have to investigate.', 'opera passes the tests if i manually go to', "this effects manually viewing the page in saucelabs so we can rule out most of the test runners. but just for fun it doesn't happen when the developer tools are open.", 'and opera now passes for some reason', "~~i would be a :-1: on this. since browserstack uses emulators for mobile. and saucelabs doesn't.~~_edit: i was wrong. thanks nakula!_", "yeah i contacted the browserstack peeps over email after getting super frustrated with saucelabs failing randomly on a new browser everytime i ran the test suite. wanted to see if the same setup was possible with browserstack. didn't expect a pr so that's awesome.", 'update sauce example', 'first ci tests on sauce. just a couple of tests for now. rest will follow.', "it's detailed in the appium tutorial on saucelabs.com. fwiw", 'mstred we skip saucelabs for build on pr. you can pass the build if you rebase your pr against develop branch.']