['feat(ci): added sauce labs configuration for crossbrowser testing', 'let me check the docs on using the container-based infra with sauce', 'sauce labs is proving to be flakey for some reason. instead just run .... ...the tests directly in travis', 'saucelabs private key displayed on the console. hello.when using sauce connect. the private key is displayed on the console like this (i added the xs myself):```opening local tunnel using sauce connectstarting sc with args: -u xxxxxxx -k xxxxxxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx --readyfile /tmp/sc-launcher-readyfilecreating tunnel with sauce labs```this is problematic when the logs are public like on travis. the line with args is only useful for debugging and should never be displayed when the `verbose` option is set to false.regards', 'failing because saucelabs is down. not your change. going to make an executive decision to merge this typo fix anyways', "it might be easier to set the environment variable in the `.travis.yml` file so that test-saucelabs doesn't have to know about it.", 'do not merge - testing saucelab test changes. this should fail when ie 9 passes 0 out of 0 tests.', 'protractor hangs (multicapabilities/sauce) when "test did not see a new command for n seconds.". sometimes saucelabs just seems to take forever. presumably under load. if it times out with the above error message (witnessed in the saucelabs web console). then protractor just hangs and never completes the multicapabilities run.it would be great to have some way of getting this condition reported to the console for the platform(s) on which it happened (along with the rest of the console output for other platforms. that it hangs makes it very difficult to connect to other automation systems that rely on it to come to completion.', "so. i've done some reading and the encrypted variable in `travis.yml` will override the one set in the web interface. therefore there are no security concerns about people gaining access to our saucelabs account from malicious external prs.", 'this still appears to be a problem', 'it is possible that sauce magically decided to start working again.. kind of.', 'figured it out - needed the sauceclient library', 'unable to get the snapshot from android simulator on sauce labs . i am trying to fetch the snapshot from androidsimulators using appium on sauce labs faces below exception: unknown error: unhandled inspector error: {"code":-32603."message":"unable to capture screenshot"} code for take a snapshotappiumdriver driver = new appiumdriver(); file scrfile = driver.getscreenshotas(outputtype.file); fileutils.copyfile(scrfile. new file("d:/a.txt"));but when i am trying to get the snapshot from realdevice in my local environment using appium code is workedany help will be greatly appreciated', "allow running qunit without saucelabs.. - fixed qunit urls.- run qunit with phantomjs when there is no saucelabs keynot all tests work correctly yet. one crashes and after disabling that one. 3 are having issue.edit2: the nice effect of running this with phantomjs is that it doesn't support indexeddb and that it is actually testing the shim instead of the indexeddb implementation.", 'the failing tests have something to do with the indexes. they contain  "undefined". so  #82 or #94 might fix this!edit: pressed "close & comment" sorry :-)']