['ok. now i am stuck.i installed everything for beautifying. testing and all locally only to find out that it might never work after all because a paid account with saucelabs might be required for testing. perhaps i\'m wrong but i keep getting the following message:```=> starting tunnel to sauce labs=> sauce labs trying to open tunnel>> sauce labs tunnel disconnected>> could not create tunnel to sauce labswarning: task "saucelabs-mocha:all" failed.\x07 used --force. continuing.```and i read somewhere that account info must be entered in a config file for the tests to run.i want to be able to test (i did write one and i want to write the others) but i also want to be able to test without polluting the environment (and so publicly fail!) with pull requests that are marked as not passing some test.so what exactly is the procedure for these tests? where can i run them (the ones i modify. not the ones i\'m already failing!) to test them before submitting them?_update: (3 hrs later...)_i now linked my fork with a travis ci account and it seems that this might be a way to go. it does do testing. even though i haven\'t yet pushed any new tests to my fork... am i on the right track?anyway. i\'d still be interested in running these tests locally. i seem to have all it takes. only the process trips on that saucelabs-mocha tunnel problem. anything i could do about this?', "yep... phpstorm actually. it baffles me that i just type 'grunt' at the command line and boom it works. while the ide's terminal is totally unable to do anything useful. i also found that if i install all the dependencies in the right directories as required by sauce.html and index.html. i can get a superb output in the browser. i don't know though why these web pages require the very same libraries from totally different folders. forcing one to duplicate many of them. i guess one is not expected to run them in the browser (rather letting node load them?)", "btw. i've also started noticing [this thing]( on various github projects.  if we stick with selenium. it might be a nice solution to our testing nightmare...", 'yeh was just meaning the obvious debugging things / space nits. not that importanthaving every request tunnel through a proxy between saucelabs and travis was just too unreliable. the tests would take > 20 minutes. travis would timeout. random tests would fail on almost every runi was happy when i thought we were getting a sanity check with firefox on travis. so want to get that enabled. then by the side i am looking at getting appium etc running locally. once they run locally can figure out how to deploy them to a ci. i was kinda getting excited about the sound of docker. but i want to get ie runningi may use a dedicated machine for it', 'opened #81 but the saucelab tests are not run against pull requests', 'hiccup in saucelabs', 'fix test-browser. bbview was being created outside of the test scope which is problematic when relying on globals instead of imports for browser testing.i thought saucelabs was just being flaky as it definitely was on and off for a while. but turns out the tests were just broken.', "since this doesn't touch anything in `src/` and because this'll fix tests for every other `next` branch i'm going to merge it on 1", 'yes. we will take a look. thanks.  is there any way you can share you app with me? just the build would be fine. eric # saucelabs.com i promise it will be not be shared and can sign nda. etc.', "tarunsujit if you don't see any bugs or issues that intrigue you. feel free to email me: eric saucelabs dot com. let me know what kinds of things you're interested in or are most useful to you and i'll see if i can find some things for you to work on.", 'thanks 0x1mason i had dropped you an email : eric at saucelabs dot com. shoot me back with your comments.i am also having a very weird scenario. will drop you my problem in a separate email.thanks!', '1) please share your client code.2) can you share the app? my email is ericsaucelabs.com.', "i will. it would be nice to have different ways to do it. in case one doesn't work (like now!).if it is private. you can email it to isaac at saucelabs dot com. and i won't share. please also provide instructions on how to do the failing drag and drop.", 'colinsauce do you have the logs for your test? if it does indeed reproduce this issue. then my idea is off.', 'chore(travis/ci): add verbose logging to sauce connect output', "does the verbose flag only output anything if something goes wrong? the output looks pretty much the same as usual. maybe that's a good thing. though.", "it outputs a lot of stuff. but it's hidden within the expando for the 'print logs' step at the end.", "oh i see. i wasn't looking at the tail of the log. it looks okay to me. then.", 'the travis build failed because of a missing sauce labs api key :> invalid api_key provided. please use your access key to start sauce connect. not your password.you can find your access key in your account page:']