['_concat appears to be the secret sauce to alot of the function implementations. as a side note. i would be very interested to know if ramda provides a r object toarray() function?  i am still pulling in lodash frequently. just for this one function facility. looking at the implementation of concat. part of that could be pulled out and exposed as toarray?', 'can fix that problem by moving ie8-shim.js after ramda.js in index.html and aliasing `window.ramda = window.r`. but then it is failing silently after that for some reason.', 'thanks. buzzdecafe! i was planning to spend some time debugging this issue in a vm over the weekend. but it appears you beat me to it. i look forward to seeing what changes were required as i had difficulty reasoning about the problem.', 'this appears to solve the es3 problem. i am hoping it knocks off the android problem as well.', "> [c]an you look into that?yes. i'll have time to do so during the weekend.", 'btw. `unapply` used json in its tests--which is not defined in ie7 :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:', "d'oh! i didn't think of that.", "i attempted to `git bisect` my way to the problem commit. but `grunt sauce` has stopped cooperating (it's now hanging after printing `22 / 22 tests started`). i'll try again another time.it would be nice if sauce gave us a log of some sort. knowing that something is failing but not knowing _how_ it is failing is not particularly helpful.", "i feel your pain. i have found it difficult to test sauce locally because of frequent timeouts. were you able to make any progress? i expect it is something to do with reporting to mocha. so i'm hoping it's a simple fix once we isolate where to work. and isn't it _really early in the morning_ there?", 'created "badsauce" branch for testing.', "> [i]sn't it _really early in the morning_ there?it was. rather. i had a lot of code to write in one weekend. i hope to open a substantial ramda pr today. :)", 'hey! android tests all just started passing--did someone change something?', 'closing this one. since sauce seems happy now. weeeeeeeeeee', ':tada:', 'next time the sauce tests break :volcano:', "dare i ask: did you try this in sauce? if so let's merge it", "let's keep an eye on the sauce tests please. all are now failing. not sure who did it. but pretty sure it wasn't me . . .", 'davidchambers buzzdecafe - it is almost certain to relate to this merge. it is now 8 am here in tokyo. so i am heading out the door for work right now - will try to get some time around lunch here (next 4-5 hours) to try and work out what has happened. apologies. but as i have indicated above. unless there is away to test sauce locally. it did look like it was going to be a blind merge.', 'this looks very much like the same error we are seeing in sauce.', 'sauce passed on my local machine. so feeling good.', 'generate html test runner. need this for saucelabs. which is once again broken. should be able to browserify.', 'mostly fixes broken sauce. yet again.. still fails for ie < 9 :scream:', 'is it necessary to commit **test/bundle.js**?', 'it is if you wanna look at the html test runner without running `grunt test`', "that sounds like an edge case we needn't support. the most likely reason to run the tests is to test _changes_. i imagine.", 'i disagree. it can be quite useful to run the test suite from rawgithub.com', "> it can be quite useful to run the test suite from rawgithub.comah. i see. that option hadn't occurred to me.", '#655', 'fix tests to work for both sauce labs emulators', 'looks like they all passed. never used saucelabs before! i am impressed :)', 'disable saucelabs until we figure it out', 'failed because of a previous pr that was merge without tests run on it. apparently travis decided to skip that one.', 'ha. thanks! this probably worked in our favor last week when we were having sauce labs testing issues. :)', "johanneswuerbach i meant something different. there are two callbacks you can register with sauce-connect-launcher:- when starting: `var process = sauceconnect(opts. callback1)`- when closing: `process.close(callback2)` (the one you are adding)if an error happens when closing the process. both callbacks will be called. that's not correct. only the callback2 should get called. the callback1 should only get called if it starts successfully or if it fails to start - just once.hope this explains it better. also. check my comment on the outdated diff.", 'a sauce lab test could be very interesting', "i thought that karma used websockets on sl. but it doesn't. i agree that we should disable the ws test on sauce for now. maybe we could add write at least one test that would fake ws communication or at least check if the ws methods are being patched.", 'for some reason saucelabs fails to provide us with ff37 at the moment. hopefully this is just a temp issue. feel free to rerun the build when you are reviewing this. it should pass all tests.', "igorminar two pending issues before this can get merged:- it's still not clear to me what we should do with ff. i vote for disabling it on sauce now (ff38 works locally).-  ~~when i tried to install the package (see package.json below). i get all the files instead of /dist and /lib only~~ checked with `npm pack` only dist & lib are includedfeedback welcome", 'vicb you do want the sauce connect update. please cp that as well', 'matthewp finally got the saucelabs build passing', 'run tests on saucelabs and add a badge to readme', "ah- yeah i didn't run the entire test suite before committing. yep. guilty.that said. i'm trying to get a fresh dev environment set up so i _can_ run tests. and `npm install` keeps hanging while trying to install grunt-saucelabs. it installs other packages and other grunt-related stuff fine. but hangs at grunt-saucelabs. on both linux and mac. any ideas? /cc axemclion", 'daleharvey looks like there is an issue with the logic in grunt - build says all tests passed. but the publish seems to think they did not. i will look into that. also. i am not able to see your saucelabs test videos. are they private ?', 'why is it so terribly difficult to have a decent test results report from saucelabs in travis ci? and how can i help improving that? is it the problem that qunit does not have any good cli report of the tests?', '(#747) - test reverting saucelabs upgrade', 'noticed that this is caused because saucelabs times out. i have split the tests into sets of 3. and that seems to work well. without timing out - it is kind of ugly. but i think we should look at splitting the tests into logical sets so that they are not run all at once. instead. they are run in sets. will prevent timeouts.', 'just to add that without proxy the test runs fine with saucelabs.', 'idea: surface information about latency for webdriver commands. this could be helpful for debugging where some environments (e.g. travis -> sauce) have much longer command round-trip times than others (local -> local).', 'thanks for the update!', 'travis does not support secure_env_vars for pull requests. skip sauce_tests for pull request so build does not fail', "it'll be different saucelabs accounts. so we can have two matrixes - client-tests and functional-tests", 'retrying travis; seems to be transient sauce failure', 'fix: sauce error formatting. closes #38 vojtajina not sure if `data` is a valid property of the error object. any idea why this is here?', 'use closure-sauce account', 'ryanseddon were we going to be using browserstack instead of sauce?', "i'm following up with browserstack with the issues i had at the moment to see if they can be resolved. pending that gets resolved i will favour browserstack over saucelabs.", "browserstack browserstack runner. i've removed android browsers until issue is resolved. ie7 is throwing the infamous operation aborted error. i tried this in a saucelabs ie7 and didn't get it.", '~~running automation vs manual live testing is getting different results. ie6 fails in automation but passes when i run the same test page in live mode?~~scratch that ran grunt to build latest combined file.', 'dhimil still getting timeout issues. opera mobile always timesout and this time opera desktop v19 timed out too.', "gah. have i written shit code again? i'll have a look.", "and another. which addresses test failures in browsers which don't support css columns... (e.g. ie9)", "this is actually all passing for some reason browserstack kicks off two automation tasks. the commit hash for my last commit in browserstack ran all browsers and passed fine. the other hash failed in ie10 because it looks like jquery failed to load for some reason.also i tried and failed to squash this. probably because i had to rebase from master a few times. stucox. patrickkettner you're welcome to try.otherwise i'd say we're good to merge.", "stucox patrickkettner you both have access to browserstack and can see the automation that has been running if you haven't looked already.", 'updated. dhimil', 'sweet so that passed on your commit patrickkettner we should be good to merge now.', 'awesome! good to see test pass! meanwhile we were able to fix the android issue (except the kindle devices). can you add them and lets see the results.', 'i am unable to find a way to set proxy on kindle devices to make the local testing work. lets start with other device emulators.', 'ryanseddon looking into it.', 'this would most likely be a comment for the browserstack-runner. but it would be great to have colorized output (or some kind of visual emphasis on important information) on the travis output. makes it a lot easier to scan for failure', 'would you like an issue to be opened up on browserstack-runner for tracking?', 'patrickkettner yep fair enough. are you concerned with the commit history on this? i can always kill this branch and do a clean one. famous last words.', "its pretty messy at the moment. but i haven't tried to rebase it yet. if you think that it would be best to just open a new pr when this is good to go. i'd be fine with that too", 'yeah i might open a new one when the tests run consistently so as not to merge in this crazy commit history.', 'dhimil seems iphone 5s running ios7 is crashing and timing out.', 'hmm.. one concern though is not with the actually pr but with the failing test. according to the travis log the issue is that sauce_username and sauce_access_key is not provided but both are defined as environmental variables on the travis settings page.dylanlacey did our credentials change over at sauce labs?', 'i tried running the tests in local browsers but not at sauce. lemme try that real quick.', 'this seems to be working for me in sauce. with tape they just seem to run impossibly slow there...', "if you get sauce labs remote testing set up properly. you should (in theory) be able to test that things are working properly before pushing to master. it's been a bit flaky for me tonight though :(if it's helpful to get the tests passing. feel free to push to master for now.", 'makes sense - i will make sure to run those beforehand next time. i ran out of sauce minutes pretty quick tho... do i need a paid plan or maybe i can test by pushing to a non-master branch here?', 'jessetane you have to make an open sauce account:  and then you get unlimited testing.', "i create a sauce labs account for each project since even with an open source account you only get a limited number of sub-accounts. like two or something.but i only need to do this because i want to show a unique badge on each module's readme. for running zuul locally. you can just use one account for everything.", "hmm i don't know why it is failing on the main repo and not my fork... only thing that is really different is sauce failed on my box because i don't have the username/password on my travis.. anyhow.. check out travis on my link above.. we can get that to work.. i think as a poc this should be ok..", "update ruby sample code. updated the ruby sample code.`android_on_sauce.rb` works locally and fails on sauce. the sauce failure isn't new. it's not clear why sauce is unable to run this test.", "`android_on_sauce.rb` not working on sauce is a known issue. it's not clear why sauce can't run this test.", "dylanlacey if there are no objections. i'm looking to merge this soon.", 'lgtm.', 'does it still fail to run on sauce?', 'seems like this issue is on saucelabs only? if still an issue. can you contact [support](', "disabled greenkeeper - it's running tests a lot and saucelabs can be flaky - thus causing false alarms", 'it looks a lot nicer but it does not work on ie check the saucelabs tests']