["p.s. i don't know why tests in saucelabs has been failed. on my local browser that worked fine.", 'the test failure seems to be due to not being able to connect to sauce labs. and does not seem to be a new problem.', 'anyone know where to look up the possible environment names? maybe saucelabs changed one.', 'remove travis and saucelabs dependancy', "over this project i have spent significantly more time debugging saucelabs and travis issues than i have doing anything else (including writing the code). to add to that we have removed chrome testing and never even had ie or opera in ci. nor can people 'grunt test' and debug those tests locallyi think our need to do integration testing with a couchdb server means we arent really suited for those type of testing as a service tools. and a web driver local implementation running on a dedicated test box would be less maintenance.", "the latency between travis and saucelabs has increased to the point its impossible to get working. removed the hook and will test pr's manually", "hi.i don't think this is the right way to fix this - this will print no matter how the code is running. and the dummy name isn't applicable for everything. could you add context about how jenkins or bamboo would use a link to show test results?", "didn't know about that. very cool! i'm concerned that this would make the suite take a very long time for legitimate failures. however. (it's already 10 minutes. i'd hate to have it take half an hour). i'll be exploring some of the saucelabs issues this week - give me a bit to look into that and see if there's other ways to address this before we resort to a full retry :) i'll leave this open though.", 'i think this is addressed with 546d41faeb75342c875e0f9bb7702309c1aa186d', "tried with windows 8 on saucelabs. didn't help. i didn't see the `window is undefined` error anymore. but the same end result.", 'feat(sauceprovider): append spec filename to capabilities.name', "now that ie 11 is added and i think we've addressed some of the flakes. i'd prefer to find flakes rather than mask them. so i'm gonna close this one.thanks for teaching me about travis_retry though!", 'lgtm', "ajoslin i am working on some other organizational issues. so i haven't had the chance to look at this. feel free to play around with it. alternatively. if sauce isn't a must right now. there are instructions on how to test mobile locally. both for ios and android.", "update: have added more logging for sauce connect. still seeing the issue occasionally. in contact with saucelabs.removing milestone as this is an ongoing priority but not directly protractor related and shouldn't block release.", 'merged', 'also i just checked on running this on windows /chrome platform through a tunnel. i dont see a request similar to /wd/hub in the logs so i suspect its an issue on saucelabs which are incorrectly proxying the callback to my machine.', 'so i exposed my local testing site to be publicly accessible on the internet so saucelabs could reach the site without a tunnel. that works and passes tests fine. i suspect saucelabs is incorrectly proxying the callback thats suppose to be for their appium server to my machine via the sauce connect tunnel.', "i think the problem might be execasync and appium/sauce since the following does not work:``` javascript  it('should exec async'. function() {    ptor = protractor.getinstance();    ptor.driver.executeasyncscript(function() {      return null;    });  });```", 'nice !this also removes the nodebufferreader from the generated file. the saucelabs tests are ok.the next release (#87) has not been merged yet so this could go in. i will rebase my release branch tomorrow.', 'nice. thank you !tested with my own saucelabs key. everything is ok.also. thanks to sheetjsdev for imaya/zlib.js#27 :)', 'the saucelabs tests also passed.', 'kirovboris more likely we have a problem with saucelabs and travis', "address saucelabs flake. we're hitting some flake when running tests against saucelabs; from time-to-time the browsers fail to launch. for whatever reason.  investigate. fix. etc.", 'failure is sauce flake.  i think the sauce connect tunnel is not getting shut down quickly enough.  see #2478', 'having no option to specify (let alone auto-detect from the user account via the rest api) what the concurrency should be basically means this always fails when using more than 2 to 4 browsers and forces users to fragment run targets (e.g. in grunt) - which slows things down quite a bit (not in the least due to #14).i reckon the same applies to browserstack and other cloud services. perhaps that justifies a change to the core karma software to support this natively?something like:> `option.browserconcurrency` (number|function) number (or function that invokes its callback parameter with a number). indicating the number of browsers to launch at once. defaults to null which indicates all browsers will be launched at once.the main complication i expect will come up relates to the ability to run karma continuously in the background. it would have to kill and restart browsers each run.---**edit**: on second thought. while it still needs support from karma internally. the actual concurrency limit should probably be handled by the launcher so that one can have e.g. unlimited local browsers that run continuously. with 10 browserstack and/or 3 saucelabs browsers being killed after each run.', 'document sauceconnect config options', 'pkozlowski-opensource ah. right will squash. forgot about the `docs:` prefix', 'can the `log` branch be safely deleted?', 'aymericbeaumet i think so. it looks like chriswren is not using his own fork but pushing branches to be merged directly to this repo. lol.', "i can't blame him i'm doing the same... :) i'm just asking to clean up a little.", 'chriswren grouped docs and chore commits and pushed.', "hm. further investigations reveal that karma's web server prevents node process from exiting. for some reason using sauce-connect-launcher with a manually started sauce tunnel prevents the htttp server from closing (the `server.close()` callback is never called...).", "jokeyrhyme #1247 has operation aborted issues in ie7 which i believe is a vm issue as sauce labs ie7 doesn't throw the same error that browserstack has.", "(or you can privately e-mail it to me at my username at saucelabs if it's sensitive)", 'ci: configured sauce connect', 'for sauce-related questions. please get in touch with sauce labs support', 'still get this after doing `npm install grunt; npm install -g grunt-cli` with a new git clone.```: grunt>> local npm module "grunt-contrib-concat" not found. is it installed?>> local npm module "grunt-contrib-uglify" not found. is it installed?>> local npm module "grunt-contrib-connect" not found. is it installed?>> local npm module "grunt-saucelabs" not found. is it installed?>> local npm module "grunt-contrib-jshint" not found. is it installed?>> local npm module "grunt-contrib-watch" not found. is it installed?warning: task "jshint" not found. use --force to continue.aborted due to warnings.```']