['tests passed. coveralls failing. investigating...', "okay. coveralls comments on prs should be disabled now.  i think getting coveralls output into somewhere else would be a bit of work.i've submitted #1343 to add a coverage badge to the readme.  if coveralls doesn't show up in there then we should be good to go.", 'try running coveralls on travis', 'track code coverage with coveralls.io.. note that this is my first attempt on using coveralls. it may still not work at all.', "i don't understand what value coveralls adds to a project that enforces 100% coverage. istanbul is already enforcing 100% coverage during ci. :-1:", "> i don't understand what value coveralls adds to a project that enforces 100% coverage.informational. see #1066 for more details.", ":+1: immediate feedback to any contributor on pull requests can't hurt.", 'expect a future pull request from me with regressed code coverage. just to verify that this is working :-)', "i think the problem is because npm doesn't install the devdependencies. hence some packages needed to run the tests are not available. thus. the proper command to test will be```npm install --npat --dev esprima```however. in that case. all the dependencies (check with `npm ls`). everything from jscs and coveralls. will run with `--npat` as well and everything fails miserably. in other words. it requires participation from all the packages involved.consider this circumstance. i would propose that we don't bother trying to support npat install.", 'i ran `npm run coveralls` and it succeded. well partially. in the end it failed. because it was not able to write report or smthn.', 'coveralls good to see you here :)', 'added coveralls configuration and badge', 'added coveralls to travis.yml', 'coverage has been added via coveralls to the ci build.  current thresholds are 95% coverage rate and coverage can decrease no more than 2%.  should bump this up higher. but it seemed like a good place to start :).', 'adding coveralls', 'lgtm :+1:thanks for setting this up rwaldron. :clap:', 'fyi: the build failure is a coveralls thing. everything else passed.', 'add coveralls.io to build', 'awesome henrjk! thanks for the help with this.', 'adds coveralls coverage reports using nyc. this adds a coverage report badge using coveralls.io. and the nyc bin.- `run npm run coverage` to get a human readable coverage report.- `run npm run coverage -- --reporter=lcov` to get an html report over coverage in the /coverage folder.- run npm run coveralls to report coverage to the coveralls.io. make sure you set the `coveralls_repo_token`.  - setup a token here:', '"cool. thanks!  i guess we now know what we already ""knew"" -- async is very well tested."', "done and done :+1: thanks! this will inspire me to increase the coverage of the codebase. i'm sure it's pretty low right now considering i just started writing tests for it a few months ago :-/", "thanks!  it's actually at 51% so you technically have a majority of the codebase tested....  :wink:", 'p.s.  coveralls has some cool features. so poke around whenever you get some spare time.  some interesting ones include notifications (by default it includes comments in prs regarding coverage. but you can also have it alert you in slack. email. etc) and the ability to fail based on a level of coverage or amount of decreased coverage.  pretty nifty....', 'the coveralls documentation recommends `--report lcovonly`. should we add a `cover-light` task that uses this?', ':frowning: tests actually pass. coveralls is.... not.```coveralls is in read only mode while we work on updating the system. sorry for the inconvenience.check status:', 'send test coverage to coveralls', "testfix. mcollina this fixes the tests. i'll see can i update your branch. this module is now properly wired up for coveralls and a local test report too.", 'why is coveralls not reporting back..', 'no idea about coveralls.', "if this is branched off master. then coveralls isn't included in the .travis.yml file on master yet. want me to make a hotfix to master to add coveralls?this pr looks good to me.", "i'm assuming #398 isn't reporting with coveralls because it's out of date then?unfortunately if you submit a hotfix to master we wouldn't be able to merge it because of coveralls! :smile:", "snugug do you have coveralls configured to have some coverage threshold? i don't see why the build would fail without a specific coverage requirement being set.", "i've been force-pushing on my forked branches without any issues for some time now. it looks like coveralls isn't reporting back to github now... i'm so sorry about the amount of your time this is taking.", "ahh. to yours. not master or develop. when i posted it looked like it passed> on nov 12. 2015. at 5:07 pm. ben rothman notificationsgithub.com wrote:> > i've been force-pushing on my forked branches without any issues for some time now. it looks like coveralls isn't reporting back to github now... i'm so sorry about the amount of your time this is taking.> > ??> reply to this email directly or view it on github.", ":+1: i'm still not convinced by this coveralls though. the counts seem a little off and the fact it keeps not reporting a status..", "i'll get this into our sub branch a little later on and then work on it a little too. it's looking good though.benthemonkey don't worry about coveralls at the moment this isn't done and it's not going straight into develop.", "(#4243) - add report-coverage to allowed failures. it's been permafail for the past couple of days. notsure if the problem is coveralls. the script. etc...", "hm. i could have sworn this was still failing before the travis upgrade. but yeah. having a green master is more important than incremental coveralls reports. i'll open an issue to fix coveralls as well.", 'chore(travis): build and coveralls', 'waiting for the build to pass. but lgtm.', '"missing coveralls dependency. the generator doesn\'t include it as a `devdependencies` if the user select `yes` in the ""include coveralls"" prompt."', ':+1:', 'failure to send information to coveralls should not be fatal. currently builds fail a lot because they fail to submit information to coveralls. this should not be the case. the most important part of ci is to determine whether we have broken any test - right?', 'see pimterry/grunt-coveralls#5', 'ci: failure to send report to coveralls should not be fatal. fixes gh-7006', "you're totally right pimterry. duh!", ':+1:', 'add coveralls', ':+1:', 'fix weird return/if corner case.. testing out a pr with coveralls.  :)', 'i had to delete the coveralls.io history - seems like coveralls sorts by build number by default. so the travis ci build (#4) was buried at the bottom of all the codeship results.  :p', 'yamikuronue if you wanna submit a pr to add coveralls integration and coverage reporting with our existing mocha tooling. it would be much appreciated :)', "combining the tests turned out to be easier than i expected :) i've added coverage to the server-side tests. and set up coveralls. so now the only problem is that there's no real tests. and my first attempt to add a real test is going awry.thebigredgeek do you want to help me figure out what's wrong with this test. or do you want to merge first so we don't drift too far apart?", 'add coverage and send to coveralls.io', "updated per comments. hoping coveralls doesn't drop.", "i disabled the comments.i think coveralls allows only project admins to configure these settings. i didn't drill in but this is what it looks like.", 'coverage. adds coverage and coveralls.', 'parameter functions unit test (quest to 100% with maproutes. coveralls: 100%)', 'i hate that coveralls reports that coverage decreased only because there are fewer lines of code .', 'add coveralls/code coverage support. for issue #169 to set up code coverage. also addresses jasmine `util.print` warning.', 'it works!', 'get coveralls updating. maybe', 'ahah. it works!', "bunch of infra changes. use of coveralls. commitplease. jscs. add .editorconfig and all that stuff.sorry. i bulked it all in one pr. it would be hard to divide them. so i propose to review this per commit. if that's okay", 'by analyzing the blame information on this pull request. we identified dmethvin. gibson042 and jzaefferer to be potential reviewers', 'awesome! :clap:', 'nice! thanks for doing all this.', 'although it seems as overdoing it. since coveralls would fail the pull anyway.', 'build: enable coveralls repro & allow testing \\w building. make you define two module list though :/', 'by analyzing the blame information on this pull request. we identified dmethvin. mgol and gnarf to be potential reviewers', 'i like it! too bad we need another module list though.', "yeah i always forget to change it in every place whenever i'm adding a module. :smiley_cat:", 'if only we had a cross-environment module system...', 'adds coveralls integration to the repo', 'fixes our coveralls setup to work with coffeescript correctly', 'add code coverage by istanbul. i also plan try to add one of coverage sites.  maybe.', 'now this ready to merge. as you can see. integration works.', 'update coveralls.', 'coveralls to optional choice', 'delete unneeded .coveralls.yml config file. since the project is building on travis. coveralls will infer the repo token automatically.', "awesome stuff! thank you for helping with improving the test coverage. even though coveralls doesn't quite get it apparently :)", "codecov can't tell the difference between the actual master branch and a pull request. so i'm looking into coveralls now.", "integrates coveralls for code coverage reporting. also updates gitignore in case any one runs code coverage reporting locally. as before. please don't merge until i confirm everything is working properly.", 'yeah. this one looks good to go. thanks! :+1:', 'closing and reopening as new pull request to rerun through coveralls.', "hmm...there may be an issue on coveralls right now. hold off on this and i'm going to look a bit deeper.", 'exactly. looks like coveralls may have been down briefly. all the tests still passed.', 'chore(coveralls): add coveralls', "it works on localhost. submit works. but i believe the ui is confused. because the files that are covered do not exist in the repo (because they are generated). for now i'll keep it without coveralls reporting (just the coverage).", "bcoe if you're the author. i'd suggest having an option to add the source code with the report. and then coveralls.io has to display that instead of trying to fetch files from the repo.in the mean time i guess we can have a separate branch that has the build files and only run coveralls there.", 'added coveralls', 'the ./doc/seneca-basic.html seems brokenlgtm', ':+1:', "looks good. thanks! currently coveralls.io seems to be a bit broken and i can't add repos. but once it is in working order. i'll merge this.", 'add coveralls', 'increase coveralls timeout', 'marionettejs/marionette-core updated', ':+1: from me :+1:', 'ahumphreys87 here. you can finally have my :+1: :stuck_out_tongue_winking_eye:', 'run unit tests against src rather than build. currently unit tests are ran against the built lib - this skews coverage reporting as we dont have coverage on the umd code and the external libs.similar to what was done in backbone.radio we should move to run tests against the src folder. this will not only give us nicer reporting in coveralls but more accurate coverage results.as a slight aside this work may make it much easier to deliver marionette as separate components.', 'ya!', "juliangruber if you're interested. i can create another pr to upload coverage reports to coveralls.io from travis and add a coverage badge to the readme file.", "> juliangruber if you're interested. i can create another pr to upload coverage reports to coveralls.io from travis and add a coverage badge to the readme file.that would be great!", 'upload coverage reports to coveralls.io. upload coverage reports to coveralls.io after each successful test run in travis and display badge in readme.', "juliangruber i think i cannot test this until it's committed. but i believe it should be fine if you enable the repository in coveralls.io before merging.", 'all good now. just need to wait for the badge in the readme to update :)', 'mocha. - [x] switch from jasmine to mocha/make tests run on node.- [x] add travis ci.- [x] break out tests into smaller files.- [x] fix code style.- [ ] add coveralls or some kind of coverage.- [ ] add contributors to readme.- [ ] add project page? at least publish tests to gh-pages?', "i've switched it on in coveralls. :+1:", 'implement coveralls to display code test coverage.. add badge to the readme.', 'travis build was successful and info appeared in coveralls.io', 'closed by #92', 'somehow i missed that you are already using travis ci. you can configure travis ci to run `npm run coveralls` which will update coverage.', "stop coveralls comments. when i watch cucumber-js's log in slack. the coveralls comments are just noise.is it possible to turn them off?", 'feel the same way and i already turned them off', '.', "apologies if this is a silly query.but i wonder what does this do when coveralls doesn't have this configured for core repo.", "i think the branch where there are multiple ignore-prefix is not covered by the tests. that's why coveralls complains. however this should not be a problem so i will go ahead and merge anyway :-).", 'add coveralls coverage support', 'add coveralls coverage badge to readme.md', 'added coveralls', 'lgtm']