[':+1:', ":+1:consider reverting the tutorial that misleads newcomers until this pull request is accepted. they shouldn't be told to install only karma", 'also not. scripts/e2e-test.sh needs the same treatment', 'perhaps this entire request should be closed as a dupe of #37?', "rebuilt app base system to use grunt . bower. this is an excelent tutorial and should be updated .i know this can't be merged but it shows some way it can be done.- made it more node dependent- added bower  for angular & bootstrap dependencies - bootstrap is compiled from source- added grunt for task managment- grunt comes with a express server for app and karma e2e tests- added karma unit tests as a grunt dependencies  - added some amateur css to make it more presentable  on the downside dependencies have like 6k files and 44 mb also it takes a some time to install them", 'testacular is now karma', 'what is the point of this ticket?', 'this is anouther duplicate ticket. of 49 what is the point?', 'test wont run without this patch. this edits the bat file for windows.', 'test wont run without this patch. this edits the sh file for *nix. #49 edits the bat file for windows.', "update references from testacular to karma. i was going through the angular tutorial and noticed that there were some inconsistencies with the naming and references to testacular (now called karma). i thought the least i could do was to fix those references so other people don't run into the same issues when going through the tutorial.", 'can you change the test.sh too?without this fix. the tutorial can not work as it is.', "i've updated the tutorial to use karma. since the tutorial relies on git history and is based on angular-seed. i just rebased the tutorial to the latest angular-seed which already uses karma.i'm going to close this pr. but thanks for looking into this!", 'we replaced jstd with testacular/karma which is a superior test runner.thanks for submitting the fix though.', "added holes support for polygons. - added holes support for polygons. i think that i've created an elegant solution for this functionality. i didn't change the code much. i've renamed l.edit.poly class to l.edit.polyverticesedit class and change it to control a specific latlngs array. it could be latlngs of the polygons or holes. and i've created a new simple l.edit.poly class  that creates l.edit.polyverticesedit instances  for the latlngs of the polygon and it holes.- add a missing package 'karma-phantomjs-launcher'- add a missing event 'editstart' for l.edit.poly. when we start drag a marker", 'thanks suresh. this helped me out big time man!!!  i am now able to create my data driven tests in protractor. one day. i hope to contribute something as helpful as this. thanks.', "odoe sent another pull request setting up coverage. we should now have `grunt karma:single`. `grunt karma:watch` and `grunt karma:coverage` commands to test everything.thanks for all your work on this odoe. i'm ready to merge this in if you are.", "i've set up saucelabs. but it's fairly slow and flaky. so i'm gonna execute the default `karma start` first. and only then run `karma start karma.conf-ci.js` to run cross browser tests. but first. i think we need to introduce webpack/browserify to bundle all the codes. as loading require.js files 1 by 1 over the wire to saucelabs vms is too flaky.", "webpack. use webpack- simplified test setup (no amd-config.js or karma hacks)- use npm in tests instead of bower- bundled file tests faster in saucelabs since we don't need to make async requests", 'renamed the things to karma. as it was. it was broken - renamed the config files as well. and readme. concluded it works on os-x and linux but not on windows (is just a rename so should be ok).', 'so corrected - please take a look now.', '"testacular -> ""karma"" in travis config. small fixes"', '"igorminar. now that angular-seed uses ""karma"" instead of ""travis"". the patch i just submitted in #63 needs to be applied to bring the travis config up to date."', 'thanks']