["there's no timeline. i may kill this. there are too many things missing or different in zepto from jquery", 'would be great to see this patch in. do we know when this might happen? /cc peeja travisjeffery', 'thanks. really appreciate it!', 'awesome travisjeffery! looking forward to seeing it happen!', "it looks like some jasmine tests are failing due to the different timezone format that moment uses vs. the previous manual formatting. the moment format better matches postgres' internal format; i'll update the tests and amend the pull.", "uhh guys. are we still using jasmine? i was under the impression that we're not :/", 'note: there is a commented out test in jasmine dao-factory spec that should be able to run once a pr for this is submitted', 'please update the jasmine tests :)', "woops. stupid me. we really need to migrate away from jasmine soon so i don't forget to run half the tests :d", 'wait. why are we **not** updating timestamp(s) on updateattributes? :/ (according to jasmine)', 'fix(jasmine): modify jasmine test ifenvsupports message. add jasmine spec ifenvsupport message', "looks good to me. barring any objections. i'll pull this in by eod.", "if you make this work. i will certainly link to it from the frisby website - in my view. it's just another test runner as an alternative to `jasmine-node`.", '"restartbrowserbetweeneachtest: true" with jasmine 2 restart browser extra one more time . when i am using "restartbrowserbetweeneachtest: true" in conf with jasmine 2. having two "it" in spec then it restart the browser 3 times but i want 2 time only as their are 2 "it". how to resolve that problem.??', 'hi all. we are using jasmine-reporters for generating both html as well as xml reports. however we have written a custom dot net console application to take the xml reports generated and write it back to microsoft test manager. if i try to invoke a console application within the it block of a spec file it invokes fine. however when we try to invoke the console application from oncomplete event(as xml reports would be generated by now) in conf.js it is not invoking at all. kindly advise.', "shankscriptthat's great. thanks a lot.and i think addjasminenodeopts: {defaulttimeoutinterval: 60000}.  is neccessary too.", "can we make the wait plugin easily available/default in some way? assigning sjelin since you've got background here.", 'ok jasmine test is up.. i am fairly new to jasmine so please let me know if any changes are needed']