["it does not currently have selenium tests. correct. we're working on it. leedr any idea how that looks right now?", 'soulgalore thanks for looking into this. i will try your suggestion when i get a chance. i thought that using seleniumserver parameter would disable browsermobproxy. would installing browsermobproxy on the selenium hub and nodes fix this?once again awesome job guys! :)warm regardschris', "looks like the build failed due to a timeout issue with saucelabs selenium server. is this something you are interested in merging into your branch? i'm also about to check-in a bug fix against this. $interval only runs once in firefox when the delay argument is not provided.", "test in node-webkit. because why not. although i don't think selenium will be possible.", "man. that's so cool.  there are leveldb files in the `indexeddb` folder. websql databases in the `databases` folder. and sqlite databases for localstorage in the `local storage` folder. never knew webkit used sqlite for localstorage.", "sjelin is this really a documentation issue?typical scenario: i run protractor locally or from a ci provider ('host c') via saucelabs ('host b') against our staging site ('host a'). for us. this is key for testing internet explorer. if it's a documentation issue. then you're saying that the above shouldn't work and there's no solution to our issue? (other than manual testing?)else it's actually a bug either in selenium or in webdriver. but having read through a number of issues here. i'm unclear as to whether that bug has been raised in an appropriate manner (such that it's still on the radar for someone to fix :))", 'the benefit (as i understand it) is not needing to spin up a selenium server to run your tests. that means anywhere from a 10 to 40 second savings for me depending on the machine. i think it shines for quick local testing. feel free to open a pr with clarification in the documentation if you want.', "yeah. i've just confirmed that the same things happens with directconnect and standalone selenium.", "tried to solve the problem with a firefox profile but it didn't work.  i might be misusing the feature though - i'm not sure.  nothing more i can do until the selenium people come through.", 'marten-de-vries using firefox all tests pass but if using client=selenium:firefox i get the error `unable to connect to selenium` in console. any ideas?', "rudasn no. i don't know enough about selenium.daleharvey / nolanlawson : any ideas?", "thank you. specifically the use case i have is wanting to pass --useproxy false to browsertime via --btconfig.  ideally we could use mobproxy via external --seleniumserver (no har generated in the described use case) but alas in my case the test to external selenium grid times out because mobproxy isn't available locally.", 'do you have java installed?did you do this:- selenium-standalone install- selenium-standalone start?', 'i did   `$ selenium-standalone install && selenium-standalone start`let me check if the system has java installed and get back to you.', 'stop?. how do we stop selenium-standalone programatically?', 'thanks. i\'ll give this a try. if it works out. we should add it to the docs. =)i see the "you can child.kill() when you are done" in the docs now that i\'m looking. but i think it deserves its own section. maybe "stopping selenium".', 'seems to be working great. thanks!', 'will accept pr as for the docs :d', 'very nice work!released with some fixes. `npm install selenium-standalone4`', 'firefox driver is builtin into selenium dunno for safari', 'you should use the touch api', 'thanks for your quick reply. jlipps!if i understand you correctly. yes. i\'ve tried unchecking the "use browser" option and leaving the capabilities the same:dc.setcapability("apppackage". "com.android.chrome");dc.setcapability("appactivity". "com.google.android.apps.chrome.main");i get the same "org.openqa.selenium.webdriverexception: not yet implemented." error when trying to make any webdriver calls.thanks.', 'you can change the new session command timeout to be however long you need it to be for pages to load. or set it to 0 to turn it off entirely.', 'gaige raftheunis87 jlipps', 'ok sebv', 'closing due to inactiivity.', 'i am trying to execute javascriptexecutor jse = (javascriptexecutor) driver;jse.executescript(keyboard_done); code but getting error like : org.openqa.selenium.webdriverexception: not implemented in this context. try switching into or out of a web view', 'jlipps :i am trying to hit done button in my android real device but i am not getting any solution please could you help me on it.', 'in saucelabs i have only selenium log and sauce log how to get appium log?']